look I don't know what to say there's so
much to say about this game turnovers
are kill you
turnovers got us back in the game in the
first half turnovers took us out of the
game at the end
and the kicking game Jesus there are no
words
you know South Sunseri and Derek Dooley
said that this defense you know in this
aggressive defense you're going to give
up a few big plays a few big plays
goddamn we're giving up a few big plays
every fucking series it's painful to
watch
holy jesus
and who have we got coming up Oh a bye
week we should be able to hold by week
two three hundred yards or less I don't
know though
I hear by weeks got a pretty damn good
running game honestly the worst defense
I think I've ever seen in all of my
years of watching Tennessee football
I'm gonna go ahead and call this micro
video congratulations Georgia mmm you
see why it is so hard to watch this team
you know they're that that close if we
ever learn how to play defense
look the hell out rest of the teams on
our schedule running game was great
today drop balls dropped balls drop
balls oh my god let me get this over
with congratulations Magnum junkyard dog
Kobe cowboy hippy Fraggle Rock all those
ghosts ghosts congratulations all the
Georgia fans you guys outscored us today
hell of a damn ball game hell of a ball
game Tennessee did not quit I commend
the Vols for not quitting this is not a
moral victory this is a fucking game we
we had the opportunity at the end you
can't ask for any more than a chance at
the end of the game to win it what more
can you ask for than a chance to win it
and we just couldn't get it done this
team does not know how to win yet if
they ever get over that hump look the
hell out I'll have my bat video coming
up in a day or so yes you guys will have
one more opportunity to see my fat ass
sing a girlie song but I promise you it
will be the last one I ever do Georgia
you guys are in trouble against South
Carolina because they have a defense
your offense is great girl Ian and
Marshall two great running backs we just
show flashes man we just so flash we
show flashes we can't put together four
quarters I don't know if it's coaching
you know part of me wants to say put the
moving van in Dooley's yard but that's
not the thing to do we're just missing
some more pieces we got to get some more
these big recruits we've got to have
some more big recruits not getting that
kid yesterday or the day before was
critical we got to get the green kid we
got to get some more defensive players
oh my god this is so fucking painful you
beat the hell out of our defense it's so
painful to watch
why do I put myself through it and
congratulations to this guy right here I
think it's who I think it is hey Georgia
fans like I said congratulations to you
guys but I don't want to hear no shit
about your defense being great seriously
guys you guys won the game this is not
sour grapes but I was not impressed by
your performance today you guys have a
good defense but we beat ourselves a lot
of times today our defense today was
deplorable yeah they got some stops at
the end I'll give them credit they got
us some stops when we needed it they put
us in position to tie this ballgame so
to that end great job on the defense but
you know we're missing pieces we're
missing pieces and I've said it before
and I'll say it again I will have a
heart attack watching this team
congratulations Georgia you guys want a
shootout this was a hell of a ballgame
hell of a ballgame
I think we're evenly matched and to be
honest with you to be totally honest
with you I don't think any fan saw this
coming
Tennessee or Georgia I thought if we win
this game we'll win it mid 30s
I did not see a 51 to 44 shootout and I
know you guys didn't because all you
georgia fans thought you were going to
just come in and rob our ass and it was
looking pretty good for you guys there
for a minute
credit to this Tennessee team did not
fight but again there are no moral
victories we've got to win one of these
games Tennessee you've got to win one of
these games go Vols damn it